OSDOCS-5239: Documented AWS LZ IP auto creation of subnets (#60771)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-creating-install-config-aws-local-zones.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="install-creating-install-config-aws-local-zones_{context}"]
= Modifying an installation configuration file to use AWS Local Zones

Modify an `install-config.yaml` file to include AWS Local Zones.

.Prerequisites

* You created an `install-config.yaml` file by using the procedure "Creating the installation configuration file".

.Procedure

> * Add Local Zones as values to the `platform.aws.szones` property. As an example:

Reviewer: 1) incorrect config path

```suggestion
* Add Local Zones as values to the `compute[?name==edge].platform.aws.zones` property. As an example:
```

2) this is not an example. I think examples must have real values. This is an example (provided in the section before): https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/pull/60771/files#diff-daa4d0981964bb25837f20e7d10e26e914dddd4a1eea03d45013cf43617879b2R34

3) Maybe  this section is duplicated with before, or need to be reviewed preventing duplicated, and presenting examples before explaining the config.

Author: Updated lead-in sentence to:

> Add Local Zones as values to the `platform.aws.zones` property in the `compute.name.edge` stanza of the configuration file. For example

According to style guide requirements, with should be using user-replaced values (for example, <local_zone_name_1>). I updated the examples by providing real Local Zone names in the Installing a cluster to quickly extend workers to edge compute pools section. WDYT?

If OK with this, I can apply throughout the doc set.

Reviewer: We need to revisit this entire section closely (Install quickly). Maybe copying the content to Google docs will be more productive. WDYT?

Reviewer: @dfitzmau I only found the TOC, not the content. I just added a proposal for this section here: ["Proposal 4.14 (quickly install)"](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1cBPJiPj4v11Vr6tP_SPCy0pFQ9ibamzSIz7YRUyKQWI/edit#heading=h.h6gmc29s48jd)

It is adjusting the content to the chronological approach I mentioned in some of my comments. This section is the one added in the 4.14.

Author: Hi @mtulio . Thanks for the suggested content in the doc. Do you want me to remove most of the content stated in https://60771--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-localzone.html#installation-cluster-quickly-extend-workers_installing-aws-localzone ?

Reviewer: > Hi @mtulio . Thanks for the suggested content in the doc. Do you want me to remove most of the content stated in https://60771--docspreview.netlify.app/openshift-enterprise/latest/installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-localzone.html#installation-cluster-quickly-extend-workers_installing-aws-localzone ?

Yes, the proposal is to replace the entire section "Installing a cluster quickly in AWS Local Zones".

+
[source,yaml]
----
...
platform:
  aws:
    region: us-west-2
compute:
- name: edge
  platform:
    aws:
      zones: <1>
      - <local_zone_name_1>
      - <local_zone_name_2>
...
----

> <1> List of Local Zones that associate with the defined AWS opt-in Region.

Reviewer: It would be nice to add the `Next Steps` here pointing to `Deploying the cluster`

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="install-creating-install-config-aws-local-zones_{context}"]
= Modifying an installation configuration file to use AWS Local Zones

Modify an `install-config.yaml` file to include AWS Local Zones.

.Prerequisites

* You have configured an AWS account.
* You added your AWS keys and region to your local AWS profile by running `aws configure`.

> * You have read the configuration limitations that apply when you specify the installation program to automatically create subnets for your {product-title} cluster. See the section named "Cluster limitations in AWS Local Zones".

Author: I cannot see a direct rule for this, but a lot of installation docs use the quotation marks. Example:[IAM Policies and AWS authentication](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-account.html#iam-policies-and-aws-authentication_installing-aws-account). I think it best I stick with quotation marks for consistency reasons. 

The OCP Guidelines doc does not seem to call out italics nor does the RH SSG, but I can see examples that use italics: 

![Screenshot from 2023-09-12 14-25-59](https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/assets/57954076/512d364f-88b6-4af0-8cd2-2ac821338a24)

> * You have read the configuration limitations that apply when you specify the installation program to automatically create subnets for your {product-title} cluster. See the section named "Cluster limitations in AWS Local Zones".

Reviewer 2: Ack, actually I thought I removed this guidance, as I found in the IBMSG that we italicize book names but sections are in quotes: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-highlighting#Double%20quotation%20marks

So you can disregard you did this correctly and I meant to remove this comment. Sorry for the confusion!

* You opted in to the Local Zone group for each zone.
* You created an `install-config.yaml` file by using the procedure "Creating the installation configuration file".

.Procedure

> . Specify Local Zone names in the `platform.aws.zones` property of the `compute.name.edge` stanza. For example:

Reviewer: This not sound correct:
> `compute.name.edge` stanza

Programmatically the correct term should be `compute[.name=="edge"].platform.aws.zones` or `compute[?name=="edge"].platform.aws.zones` depending on the language. What I would like to transmit is the `edge` is a value of the field `name` which is an item of the `compute` list. :)

Author: Thanks. Modified to:

> Modify the `install-config.yaml` file by  specifying Local Zone names in `compute[.name=="edge"].platform.aws.zones`

The `[.name=="edge"]` syntax might raise some flags by reviewing that are used to the x.y.z format. I'll put it through the review system and see what happens. Your suggestion does break away from separating the syntax and padding them with supporting words.

Reviewer: OK. you can expand it if you want, something like: "...in the edge compute pool you must define the field `platform.aws.zones`..."

Author: Thanks. Changed to:

> Modify the `install-config.yaml` file by specifying Local Zone names in the `platform.aws.zones` property of the edge compute pool.

> . Modify the `install-config.yaml` file by specifying Local Zone names in the `platform.aws.zones` property of the edge compute pool. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Modify the `install-config.yaml` file by specifying Local Zone names in the `platform.aws.zones` property of the edge compute pool, as in the following example:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
...
platform:
  aws:
    region: <region_name> <1>
compute:
- name: edge
  platform:
    aws:
      zones: <2>
      - <local_zone_name>
#...
----

> <1> AWS Region name.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<1> The AWS Region name.
```

> <2> List of Local Zone names that must belong in the same AWS Region.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> The list of Local Zone names that must belong in the same AWS Region.
```
